[android] Condense Profiling Setup Docs (#9388)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/android/profiling/index.mdx

The `io.sentry.traces.profiling.sample-rate` setting is _relative_ to the `io.sentry.traces.sample-rate` setting.

> Profiling requires Sentry’s performance monitoring to be enabled via `io.sentry.traces.sample-rate` in the example above. Read our <PlatformLink to="/performance/">performance setup documentation</PlatformLink> to learn how to configure sampling. Setting the sample rate to 1.0 means all transactions will be captured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Profiling to work, you have to first enable Sentry’s performance monitoring via `io.sentry.traces.sample-rate` (like in the example above). Read our <PlatformLink to="/performance/">performance setup documentation</PlatformLink> to learn how to configure sampling. If you set your sample rate to 1.0, all transactions will be captured.
```
Recommend taking this out of note format.
